[Music]
what your foot shape reveals about you
we all have different feet and toes but
we hardly think what it might mean and
how it connects to our personalities
however it does you might be very
surprised to learn that your feet can
say far more about you than you think
take a closer look at the shape of your
feet to learn something surprising about
yourself
[Music]
number one the Egyptian foot the
Egyptian foot looks like this all toes
from big to little form a straight line
and each toe was smaller than the
previous such feet are frequent among
secretive people loners and those prone
to mood swings
number two the Roman foot the Roman foot
is the most widespread type people with
such feet are generally sociable and
friendly this foot type was more common
amongst charismatic public figures of
ancient Rome than any other hence the
names actually I have a friend with feet
like these and it's all true about him
number three the peasant foot when all
toes are equally long the foot looks
angular this is called the peasant foot
people with such feet are calm
reasonable and practical typically they
are very reliable because they always
keep their words always number four the
Greek foot the Greek foot is also one of
the most widespread foot types in this
case the second toe is longer than the
others people with this foot type are
usually artistic emotional and inclined
to leadership it often occurs in
athletes do you know anyone who has
Greek feet are they good in sports
number five a little tow that doesn't
move if you can push away the little toe
only using your hand not the toe muscles
this is your type people with this foot
type have a calm measured and
predictable life they're conservative
workaholics as cool as cucumbers number
six a little toes that you can move
those whose little toes are living their
own lives are the exact opposite of the
previous types their easygoing
adventurous and in constant search of
change they often cannot settle down yet
it's always easy to cheer them up if you
offer them to do something crazy
together number seven a very short
little toe people with isolated toes
usually prefer to defy public opinion
and to do everything in their own manner
they are true rebels number eight the
third toe is turned outward people with
such feet prefer to carefully plan
everything in advance they are very
organized and keep everything under
control in any situation that's who we
call perfectionists number nine a gap
between the second and third toe
[Music]
finally if you have this type of foot
you are likely able to perfectly
separate logic from emotion you can
become an excellent diplomat analyst or
trader wait I have the exact same foot
type it seems it's time that changed my
career and what about you based on this
video what are your main character
traits tell us in the comments below and
don't forget to hit that thumbs up
button if you're visiting our channel
for the first time click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life